Add @psalm-no-discard annotation and report UnusedFunctionCall for @psalm-taint-escape calls (#10742)
vimeo/psalm: docs/annotating_code/supported_annotations.md

$counter->count = 5; // This will fail, as it's mutating a property directly
```

### `@psalm-require-usage`

> Used to annotate a impure functions, which Psalm should require the call to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to annotate an impure function or method the unused result of which Psalm should report.
```
